can I hear that one more something
so what is cooking of diamonds and I I
didn't want to title it right away
because I always come up with like
different melodies on the song get old
cars and Roy SuperDuper fast going down
and speed away dodging all the traffic
like a space but a couple dollars that a
little race did you record that and
sometimes there are two completely
different times
like soon what hey fat real quick but
sometimes there's like five different
melodies if you suppose makes you want
to say something different since you
know the same so big just you just you
can keep you commute that for me but
just leave in the first verse and just
those three lines there
chips king of diamonds I figured like
the car back they get much just like no
matter what happens you'll always come
out on top
Oh